(YeoJin is spreading her 'hot pack dance!')
YeoJin: Please follow me. Do steps like me!
YeoJin: Hurry up!
HyunJIn: Do we have to do with the steps?
YeoJin: Of course!
HaSeul: Okay, fine!
HeeJin: Please say 'I love you' in dialect!
YeoJin: Saranghandei (I love you)
HeeJin: It's your turn, ViVi!
ViVi: Saranghandei
HeeJin: Saranghandei
HyunJin: Saranghandei
HeeJin: We're learning dialect.
HaSeul: HeeJin's father speaks dialect so well!
HeeJin: When he picks up the phone,
HeeJin: He is like 'Yi? No way~'
*'Yi' means 'Yes' in Chungcheong-do dialect.
HeeJin: So members like my father so much.
HaSeul: So, how about to do a new year's greeting to all of our parents?
HeeJin: And to the fans!
HaSeul: Right, also to the fans!
(Suddenly?)
All: Happy new year~
(And they are speaking it in local accent...)
HaSeul: How should I speak local dialect fluently?
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ 1/3 - Valentine Girl"
(So HaSeul decided to show her talent instead of speaking dialect)
YeoJin: That's not!